<Html>
<head>
<p>Soulbond<p>
</head>
<body>
<h1>Part 1</h1>
<h2>Chapter 1</h2>
<p>Through another dream-like comatose, I didn’t host a body. And when you are not hosting a body,  one can assume that they are in an absence of one. Had nothing to smell, nothing to see, nothing to touch, nothing to taste, nothing to hear. It is hard to explain due to not having a physical thing to contrast or correlate it to. If explainable at all, I just was holding onto nothing else but my thoughts and memories. Why do I know this? It is because you don’t really know what you have until it's gone. It wouldn’t make sense saying that, however, in this context, there is an exception. The memories started leaving me too. 
	All the memories started to break apart, one by one; the only parts that we left untouched were simple ideas and knowledge about things. But, like multiple puzzles in one area at once, I began to not be able to tell which pieces went where. I desperately tried to latch onto them, only turning into dust in my non-existing hands. 

	 The closest I came to finding something in my mind was imagining a picnic on a field, but even then I couldn’t differentiate it from being something I concocked in my mind or if it was truly real. Now I have a feeling. A few raindrops tricked down the empty space where my body would have been; falling down into the limbo in which I cannot tell to be a limbo. 

Who am I? I don’t…. “I’m...I’m...I'm...I don’t know.” I ended up answering.  My voice has returned to express the motives in which I feel. This is so weird. I used to know who I was earlier, as well as everything else. The only thing that I could remember was talking to the girl whose name is Voltevia. All the knowledge swirled inside my head remained, yet the memories from where they derived from all subsided.  

Having everything directed on my mind, with no distractions, I quickly felt information rose to the surface of my head. I clung on to these memories, but as I looked, I could see that they were unfamiliar to me. Yet, each of the memories had many shades of colors that was enough to overlook that they were unfamiliar. The beauty of having memories again was almost blissful. But I didn’t recognize them. I don’t think I would remember. And in all of the memories, blond hair dangled, covering my eyes.  “It must be Voltevia’s memories from her past.” I thought. “She did say something about this happening.” I then questioned if I really found my memories again, would I recognize them. I may never know. 
	Even though almost all of this new and unknown language was incomprehensible, pictorial words, comparable to Egyptian hieroglyphics, referred to the main ideology of these… these…Users.
Gradually, the language of the new information rendered into mine. I understood the memories, well, as best as I could. They were like a story; It introduced the protagonist, brought upon conflict that involves some sort of reason for getting stronger . Although most of the parts were dull, there were many huge impactful milestones along the way. All of her knowledge, memories, and past motives were there. With so many complex details, I could only summarize to an extent, in Voltevia’s standpoint:

There are others, just like me, and you. Where they are in this wide universe is not important right now. Right now, who they are as a society is what matters.
Though, you (Sorry, me)  and your ( my) people never saw us (them), we ( they) are a pretty intelligent civilization, like their counterparts of you (me) and your (my) humanity. (Yikes, it is kind of hard to explain this to myself when I basically became one with her. So I must mind my point of view while taking in all of Voltevia's memories.) Ok, I am going to continue summing up the memories for you (me) to understand properly :

 But there’s this one thing that makes this planet different. Through millions of generations who suffer by nature's wrath, they have evolved to the highest, most potent level possible to endure all the destruction: the ability to control natural occurrences themselves. They are called Users, for they use the world in which they were given. (Their name sounds much cooler in their language)
The weakness of this incredible adaptation is that they can control only one factor in nature that causes the most harm in certain territories. It has been confirmed that each territory has a different factor that makes the land almost uninhabitable. There are 7 territories, leaving 7 factors that in all is nature. The 7 are Lightning, Water, Wind, Terrain, Fire, Ice, and Plant. The people are questioning if this is either due to the heridiety of this adaptation thrown countless generations or just based or solefully based on the land. 
Each territory has a civilization ruled by unwillingly designated Users, whose talents with their abilities are unmatched. The current ones are Voltevia of the Lightning (I didn’t know that the girl in my head is the leader of all the lightning Users. It felt even more weird. But, I am going to overlook that, because it feels like she doesn’t need someone looking at her like some sort of princess.), Sunolus of the Fire (This one oddly struck me emotionally. And I don’t know him. I assumed he must be linked to Voltevia somehow.), Aquanes of the Water, Phytena of the Plant, Chillene of the Ice, Terrunus of the Terrain, and Aeraka of the Wind. (Those are some cheesy names, but I guess it is lost in translation.)  
Downside to this is that these Users are dependent on their new prowess, that they have stopped creating technology that is best suited towards aiding them. Humans have definitely got a run for their money in this situation. 
	This is the basis of the information; a crash course if I do say so myself.  However this isn’t all of it. There is also Voltevia’s story… (And yeah, I had to know this before I could get the gist of the situation. 

	Voltevia was born in the fire territory. Her original name was Solevia. In this world, having a power outside that of your territory is rare. In the fire territory, they were considered to be the runt of the pack. When her parents discovered her true power over electricity, when she was about 6, they feared her, knowing that if the other fire Users found out, they would be outcasts. So, disowned her and left her out on the street to fend for herself.
However, she also had a brother not too older than her. His name was Sunolus. Yet, unlike the rest, he didn’t care about how the others thought. To him, that was his beautiful sister who he grew up with. Knowing that he was the only fire User who was going to help, he decided to take care of her. and cared for her for many years. He hid her in a shack and devoted his life to keep his sister safe; giving her food, clothes, books, and other things to keep her interest out of leaving. Solevia, at her tender age, was able to understand and stayed there.
One day, somebody found the shack with Solevia in it. As that person was looking, she was attempting to control electricity. Since Sunolus didn’t have much insight on how her powers work, due to the isolation of the fire territory, she taught herself. However, due to the person discovering that she was a lightning User, that person called upon a town meeting to discuss her with all the fire Users about potentially imprisoning her and putting her up for display. Her brother heard about them, he ran back to the shack to warn her. Finding that this was the only way, he mourningly told his sister to escape. However, they were too late.
The town people got there and burned the place down, so that she would eventually have to get out. Solevia’s brother protected her from the flames until the shack was nothing but dust. Her brother, knowing that he had to stay behind to save his sister, mustered up all of his strength and created a wall of fire that was impenetrable to allow Soltevia to escape. After 3 days of walking, she still could see her brother's flame burning on, not weakening whatsoever. Solevia didn’t cry, because she knew that her brother didn’t deserve tears after creating that immense fire he made to protect her. (So that is how Voltevia knows Sunolus. No wonder she is emotional about this.) 
Through many years of finding her place in the world, she made friends, allies and sometimes the occasional enemies. The travel has made her strong, making her skilled with her powers. When she got close enough to the territory,  She changed her name to Voltevia during those travels and tried to discard as much of the past as she could. But, she still held a special spot for her brother. 
 She got to her final destination, an uncontainable joy in her heart. However, some Lightning Users on patrol assumed that she was a spy. Voltevia denied being one and showed a little amount of her electrical power as proof that she was one of them. The patrolling Users were unsure about how to deal with this, so they brought her to the ruler to decide how to deal with this strange traveler.
 Meeting him face to face, the ruler seemed like a nicer old man. Voltevia told him about a summary of why she traveled to her to become a citizen as well as her travels here. This took several hours to finish explaining herself. And I thought this explanation right here was long. The ruler understood and believed her. (Who wouldn’t believe a long problematic story that’s lengthy brought out?) Since there weren't any plans for outside Users of the same ability to ask for citizenship, the ruler plotted and came up with a plan.  He told Voltevia that in order to receive her citizenship, she would have to  display her powers through battle to be deemed worthy of becoming a citizen. 
Being a pacifist, she considered performing instead; dancing and showing art in the way of the Users. However, Voltevia dismissed that option. It was too corny. And even though she had the ruler convinced of her story, she still felt like she had to prove herself to be a strong, capable User. The ruler gave her armor as well as new apparel to the contrasting tattered clothes that showed  all she had endured. 
Many thousand people surround the colosseum, each one of them heard that a person from outside the territory has powers to use lightning as well as hearing of the battle for her  to gain citizenship. Voltevia knew it wasn’t going to be easy, facing one of the strongest of the lightning Users. As Voltevia stood on the battlefield,  the murmurs of many people echoed throughout the collusion. But they all held their breath in silence as she fought him. All he did was blast powerful bursts of electricity here. Voltevia easily dodged each of the bolts that stood in her way. That was one of the only offensive things that he was able to do. Everyone thought that Voltevia was struggling. But it was quite the opposite. All of her travels around has caused her style of using electricity to be completely more exotic as well as very diverse usage of her ability in fights. Using electricity in more ways than I pictured possible, she countered the bolts of energy and ended up reaching the guy and beating him. Displaying her electrical engenuity that rivaled even the long-term scholars as well as shown unique insight in lightning that hadn’t been seen for decades. One of the first things that the opponent did as she got up from being beaten was to ask Voltevia to teach her some of what she did. This went for many other people, as they rejoiced the new citizen that walked amongst them. 
The ruler, knowing that she had no place to live after her story, proclaimed that he would be the one  to take her in, and would teach her as his pupil. She may have defeated a very powerful User at the time, but she still had much to learn. When she became about my age ([insert age here]), the previous ruler stepped down from his position. Having no children of his own, he passed his rule over to Voltevia. She was already held in high regard by the people, and now, with a few years of studying alongside the last leader, everyone was ready for Voltevia to be the next Ruler, even though she has just become accustomed to their ways. And so, that is where her time as the ruler of the lightning territory began.
Speaking of people rising in the ranks,  her brother, too, became a Ruler. However, in this case, this was used as the most harsher punishment saving his sister. This may appear as a reward rather than a punishment, but even though you had everything in your fingertips for the taking, all the teachers to learn from, and the position to even inflict war on opposing territories, what truly makes this a prison was the expectations and cruel comments by the people that are almost impossible to ignore or dismiss. Being only for years older than how old Voltevia was during her travels, all of this pressure from the people is hard to take in. So, from here on out, Sunolus sacrificed all of his freedom to do this. Instead, he was bound to be a slave for the people; only being able to assist in issues deemed important by the Scholars, the Eldest learners of their powers. from any of the User branches. 
 Although he despised the position,  Sunolus saw this as an opportunity to change society for the better. First, his reign started strong. Regretting how Fire Users were the ones who drove people away, he allowed all Users outside of their division  to enter and not be judged or forced to leave. Instead, they welcomed them with warm and broken arms.
However, it turned dark, when some of the Fire Users started rebelling, by beating up the other User refugees and brutally pummeling them before sending them away. Though Sunolus tried to fix this, his people didn’t listen to him, even those who became closest to him. All the other Users from other places blamed and shunned Sunolus, even when it wasn’t his fault. Even his love and care was not enough to protect him from all the hate of the other 6 different User societies on him. This changed him, allowing rage to rage and run wild in his heart.
During the dark ages of Sunolus,  Voltevia, for her first degree, she created a pact with some of the following places that helped her along the way; the Water and Air Users. It was called the Storm trio, for these three symbolize what is in a storm. Trading and an alliance was a main thing that was supported by this; aiding now all of their citizens. However, not knowing that Sunolus has become the Ruler of the Fire territory and the Fire Users, which is known as being horrible subjugation on its own, she didn’t feel the drive to reach out to the Fire Users Ruler. All this time, after she left, She always believed that Sunolus managed to escape and is traveling to the Lightning Territory to meet up with her. 
 News having traveled the other way, he was very proud that his sister became the Lightning Users’ Ruler. Waiting for her to reach out for many months, sadness turned into true agony for him missing his sister. When he had heard that she had joined forces with other User territories instead of him, it caused agony to form into envious hatred. In defense, he was already having a hard time and having his sister seemingly forget about him in a way that deprives someone of love, he looked for a way to retaliate so they created a war pact with the following: Plant and Ice Users.  The rival counterparts of each were in another trio alliance. They didn’t really understand why this sudden connection, but they agreed since their rivaling counterparts were on another trio alliance (Air and Water, respectively). They called it the Season trio, because of the ultimate cold of winter, the ultimate heat of summer, and the cycle of life and death of plants through the spring and fall.
Sunolus ready to meet with Voltevia, he sent a threatening message. Voltevia was confused why it was from the Fire Ruler, but because it sounded like an issue needing to be dealt with, they met on the neutral territory of the Terrain Users. She was speechless to see her brother as the Ruler of the Fire. Sunolus yelled at how he was hoping to see her again for a long time and in her free time, had made an alliance with others instead.Both grieved for what was about to happen next. Then, they fought each other. Sunolus spitefully struck first, due to his sister's independence affecting him. Voltevia mostly just fought in defence, not wanting to hurt him, but nonetheless she let out all of her anger for not explaining himself in a way that would help him. Coming in assistance, not to far from the area due to both having meetings with each of their Trio members, the rest of the Seasons and Storms came, disregarding that they were brother and sister, and there to negotiate battling terms and allow for a 3 on 3 battle of the Rulers instead of an all-out war. 
Obligated to keep there from being total war within their lands, the Storm continued to keep the battle on the Terrain territory. The battle was furious, ripping even the strong ground of the Terrain Users apart. The battle continued for six days. On the seventh, the Terrain Users leader, Terrunus, who was angered that this fight was happening without his authorization and was hoping to scold them after they were done, intervened. It took longer than expected, and since he was  tired of waiting for their pitiful feud to end, he stopped it himself. He locked each group in a sealed cage that was strong enough to contain the harsh powers from each of the Users until they submitted. 
After the fight was concluded, it was realized that the whole thing was a misunderstanding. . Terrunus and the other User rulers determined that it was just a minor misunderstanding. Voltevia didn’t know that he was a Ruler as well, north as the Fire territory was willing to make peace. Sunolus also told how she was so enraged by being made the Ruler to the point that he became very rash -- so much so that he would assume that Voltevia stopped caring for him. 
So, that was everything. Everyone was ready to go. Terrunus released everyone from captivity, except Sunolus; it wasn’t because he was the instigator, but because he begged to stay so he wouldn’t have to return to being the Ruler of the Fire. All that anger that he went through dismembered him on the inside. Voltevia also begged on his behalf, wishing for the problem to subside.  Terrunus agreed to keep him in there to prevent him from becoming even more tainted. 
 The news that their ruler was still being held captive by the terrain, wasn’t taken lightly by the Fire Users. Armies of them marched outside of the cities, waiting for their leader to be handed over to them. Although Voltevia didn’t want this, Terrunus has no choice but to hand him over to prevent war. 
Going back was the last thing that Sunolus wanted. He feared that he would be changed again, to the point he would be unrecognizable: to himself and his newly reunited sister alike. Desperation caused him to embrace a rash decision that hurt him: to leave his sister. Using a forbidden method to travel across  to other planets; controlling a mysterious meteorite, often referred to as a Chastoneos, to travel to the planet Earth. Through this process, his body fell into unconsciousness and his soul was projected into the meteor that shot towards Earth. Why Earth? That remained unanswered by Userkind. But, there is a sort of familiarity on Earth, for some reason, which means that the two different planets have a relationship, a connection.. 
Word spread that this happened. When Voltevia found out, she did the same thing in order to find her brother and bring him for them to work things out. Even though the rest of each trio probably were troubled by being pulled into this family quarrel, they followed suit, in order to help support Voltevia and Sunolus in any way possible.

This blast of memories… This is what happened before she got to me. And now, it is almost hard to believe that it might not exist. There is no way my imagination could concoct something that detailed. Voltevia does need my help to find him. To bring him-- no, bring Sunolus, back. And, hopefully, bring back the peace to the Fire Users and unite all Userkind. And she picked me for this task… even though I hardly know this world and how it works fully myself. I’ll be sure to push myself beyond what I am capable of to find him. Now, I must fulfill this duty delegated to me. It's time to awaken.

</p>
</body>
</Html>
